"Wherever you go, it will always be uphill and against the wind"
"A bicycle is the transcription of energy into balance."
"It is by riding a bicycle that you learn the contours of a country best, since you have to sweat up the hills and coast down them. Thus you remember them as they actually are, while in a motor car only a high hill impresses you, and you have no such accurate remembrance of country you have driven through as you gain by riding a bicycle."(Hemingway)
"When I see an adult on a bicycle, I do not despair for the future of the human race." H.G. Wells
"The car is to fast. Walking it too slow. The bicycle is the right balance"
"Uno dei pochi sport in cui Berlusconi non abbia investito una lira è il ciclismo, dunque qualcosa di buono deve averlo" (Gianni Mura)
"Primo classificato Coppi, in attesa del secondo, trasmettiamo musica da ballo" (speaker radiofonico della Milano-Sanremo del 1946)
"Merckx era talmente forte che quando tirava, per stargli a ruota dovevamo darci i cambi" (Francesco Moser)
"Lui il vento non lo subisce: lo crea" (Un giornalista parlando di Ulrich)
"Non si smette di pedalare quando si invecchia, si invecchia quando si smette di pedalare"
"Vado cosi' forte in salita per abbreviare la mia agonia." (Marco Pantani)
"Dio c'e', ed e' pelato" (Uno striscione sul Mortirolo)
"La donna del ciclista sa che l’autunno e' tornato quando ritrova facilmente la sua crema depilatoria" (Anonimo)
"Dio non ha creato i Pirenei per separare la Francia dalla Spagna, ma per distinguere gli scalatori dai non scalatori." (Christian Laborde)
Ride as much or as little, or as long or as short as you feel. But ride. (Merkx)
In my time it was different. When I knew the wind was strong, I attacked myself to make the race as hard as possible. (Merkx)
I've won. Hurray! I don't have to go to school any more. (Merkx)
Don't buy upgrades, ride up grades (Merkx)
When your legs scream stop and your lungs are bursting, that's when it starts. That's the hurt locker. Winners love it in there (Chris McCormack)
When my legs hurt, I say: "Shut up legs! Do what I tell you to do!" – Jens Voigt
"It never gets easier, you just get faster" – Greg LeMond
"You can’t get good by staying home. If you want to get fast, you have to go where the fast guys are" – Steve Larsen
"Nothing compares to the simple pleasure of riding a bike" – John F Kennedy
"Cyclists see considerably more of this beautiful world than any other class of citizens. A good bicycle, well applied, will cure most ills this flesh is heir to" – Dr K.K. Doty
"A bicycle ride around the world begins with a single pedal stroke" – Scott Stoll
"Give a man a fish and feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and feed him for a lifetime. Teach a man to cycle and he will realize fishing is stupid and boring" – Desmond Tutu
"The race is won by the rider who can suffer the most" – Eddy Merckx
"Cycling isn't a game, it's a sport. Tough, hard and unpitying, and it requires great sacrifices. One plays football, or tennis, or hockey. One doesn't play at cycling" – Jean de Gribaldy
"It doesn't matter if you're sprinting for an Olympic gold medal, a town sign, a trailhead, or the rest stop with the homemade brownies. If you never confront pain, you're missing the essence of the sport" – Scott Martin
"When it's hurting you, that's when you can make a difference" – Eddy Merckx
"If you go (with a break), you can either win or not win. If you don't go for it, you definitely won't win" – Jens Voigt
"As long as I breathe, I attack" – Bernard Hinault
"The best rides are the ones where you bite off much more than you can chew, and live through it" – Doug Bradbury
"You can say that climbers suffer the same as the other riders, but they suffer in a different way. You feel the pain, but you’re glad to be there" – Richard Virenque
"To me, it doesn't matter whether it's raining or the sun is shining or
whatever: as long as I'm riding a bike I know I'm the luckiest guy in the
world" – Mark Cavendish
"I don't ride a bike to add days to my life. I ride a bike to add life to my days" – Unknown
"Ride a bike. Ride a bike. Ride a bike" – Fausto Coppi, on how to improve
"Good morale in cycling comes from good legs" Sean Yates
"When the spirits are low, when the day appears dark, when work becomes monotonous, when hope hardly seems worth having, just mount a bicycle and go out for a spin down the road, without thought on anything but the ride you are taking" – Arthur Conan Doyle
"It is the unknown around the corner that turns my wheels" – Heinz Stucke
"I inherited that calm from my father, who was a farmer. You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do" – Miguel Indurain
"You either love spinning the pedals and watching scenery whiz by, or you don't. And if you love it, not much can sour you on the idea of riding your bike." Keith Mills
"In Mendrisio I felt it – the exhilaration of what the bike has to offer.  It's a simple machine that conjures a vast mix of emotions. It can evoke the senses and raise the spirits of people who watch. For those who ride it can seem like the perfect vehicle for transport. For those who race, there's no better sensation than being on top of your gear making mountains feel like flat roads. Cycling throws up plenty of obstacles, unknown territory, high speed split-second considerations. Where to next? What's around the next corner? Who cares? You're flyin'!" Cadel Evans on winning the World Championships 
